Previously on "Weeds":
- What are these?
- Snacks.
Heavy snacks.
This is my cousin Amparo.
Hola.
- What's wrong?
- Migraine.
You got too much stress now.
This will unwind it.
Ayahuasca's like 3 years of
psychotherapy in one night.
The plant teaches you what you need to learn.
You know. No more hiding.
No more hiding.
She's pretty much
losing her shit.
The clock strikes 18.
and I'm done.
- Hey. there.
- Do you party?
- They really want to have sex.
- Then go do it.
This is the woman your
depressed amigo searches for?
That's the one.
We will help the sad. tall.
angry. baby man find her.
You're as beautiful as I remember.
- You take too many drugs.
- Mostly Xanax and coke.
You need to keep better
care of yourself.
Cocaine?
Coca.
If you don't deal with this.
I will call your mother.
I lie to myself all the time.
I make compromises.
I tell myself I'm not doing
harm when I am. I so am.
Do you see her?
There's no one there.
Of course not.
These pop-tarts are good.
Are these pop-tarts
sugar-free?
The regular pop-tarts aren't.
I don't think they make
sugar-free pop-tarts.
I'm not allowed to have these. then.
My mom doesn't let me have these.
Then this is a really
big day for you.
So. neither of your parents has a
problem with your sleeping at some
boy's house they've never met?
They're totally cool with it.
How Bohemian!
No. they're American.
I'd like to hear more
about this science project.
It's sort of like an experiment.
Biology.
You could say that.
Fascinating.
Reproduction...
Disease.
I assume the presentation you three are
working on will deal with those things.
in addition to
volcanoes and wind.
- Where were you last night?
- Oh.
I'm an adult. Shane.
You're a child.
What happened here last night?
Got to go. Bye. Shane.
What was that?
D- did you have sex?
- I'm 13 years old.
- Exactly.
You're 13 years old.
They're 13 years old.
- They're in my grade.
- That's too early. Shane.
You're too-
oh. fuck you. Judah!
- I can handle it.
- Well. I can't.
And I don't want you seeing either
of those scary. little sluts again.
Quit pretending
to be a mom.
Good morning.
- You okay?
- No! I'm not okay!
Do I look okay?!
How did this happen?
What did I do?
You had boys.
Morning. senorita.
Senor Doug?
Is this your house?
This is my place. babe.
You passed out in the van. and
I carried you up. like a bride.
I tried waking you for a little nooky.
but you sleep like a corpse.
- What's wrong?
- Nothing. I just-
I can't believe
you're really here.
You are so totally beautiful.
You are very kind.
I'm kind. and you're pretty.
Together. we're kind and pretty
and nice and beautiful.
Senor Doug?
W- what are you doing?
I want to make the
sexo with you. baby!
But we do not know each other.
So. let's get down to it.
I am not some piruja.
We must take time.
You must win my affection.
Okay. okay.
I hear you.
Get to know each other.
win your heart.
See?
Thank you.
Can I just see one boob?
The next two weeks of your life
are going to be some of the most
difficult you have ever faced.
All the pain that you've been numbing for
years with your substance addiction
will hit you at once.
and it will be excruciating.
But know this-
you're not alone.
The people next to you will
become your best friends.
So get ready everyone...
because you are all about
to go through hell together.
Give it up!
Let's go to hell!
Why is this locked?
We're closed.
Who told you we were closed?
The sexy. scary.
beardy one.
Don't you think it's a little conspicuous if the
whole mall is having a sale but we're closed?
I do what I'm told by men
with semi-automatic weapons.
I'm a total bottom that way.
You look tired.
Love tired?
Sex tired?
Tired tired.
I'm just tired.
So. what's the haps in here?
Ah. look.
- The crates again.
- Yes.
The crates from America
going into Mexico.
You look tired.
What's in the crates. Ignacio?
Maybe you should
go and lay down.
I'm just gonna take a little peek.
- No.
- 'Cause if I peek...
I'll shoot you.
- You're not gonna shoot me.
- It's my job.
It's your job to threaten to shoot me.
not to actually shoot me.
Whoops.
Oh. that's not pot.
- Guillermo.
- Nancy?
Everything's fine. Sanjay.
Go back to your book.
- Okay.
- What the fuck?!
Exactly. What the fuck?
This is supposed to be a pot tunnel.
I know you ain't as
slow you're acting.
It's a tunnel. There's no magical
"weed only" sign at the entrance.
Cut the shit.
When did the floodgates open?
When the water got here.
Oh. God!
- Head cheese sandwich.
- Six inch or foot long?
- Foot long all the way. Bro.
- Enjoy.
You know it.
- Head cheese sandwich. please.
- Six inch or foot long?
Six inch.
Um. hey. there's no meat
anywhere in there. right?
'Cause if meat even touches the weed.
I can't smoke it. I'm Vegan.
No worries.
- That's $240.
- Whoa. Bargain.
- Um. $240.
- I gave you a $5.
Yeah. you ordered the
head cheese sandwich?
I did. Everybody seems to like them.
You- you may actually have
gotten the wrong sandwich.
Oh. let me check.
Oh. yeah. I gave you the
wrong sandwich. My bad.
And we just ran out of bread.
You got a stack of
sandwiches right there.
Uh. those were preordered.
What's going on here?
Sir. you're too fat.
You fattist. I'm gonna write
you up on chowhound.
Your mom's a rude bitch.
Nice save. Mom!
Celia. we're waiting for your
promise partner. Barry.
Any idea where he is?
Um. I saw him at breakfast.
What?
Oh. right.
"I'm responsible for him."
and he's responsible for me
'cause I can't do this... alone.
"I do this as a we."
So that means...
I'll be right back.
Barry?
Hey. promise partner.
What are you... doing?
Where did you get that?
17 years as a commercial pilot.
I think I know how to
sneak shit past security.
And I can't take these
places sober. you know?
Therapy. bonding.
all the fucking yapping.
Hey. this ain't my first
time at the fair. okay?
I've been to Betty Ford. Cottonwood.
new days. fresh start in Albuquerque.
That place is like a whorehouse.
18-hour layovers in Bangkok are nothing
compared to the saunas at fresh start.
You're a pilot?
Do you...
- fly like this?
- Coked to the gills.
You don't want to fly with
me when I'm sober.
I crash. we all crash.
Hey. remember the trump shuttle?
That was my first gig. right?
I couldn't afford blow.
Fucking Nodoz and Dexatrim.
That is no way to live.
I love the moment right before. you know.
when you're still looking at it.
I love the moment when it goes up your
nose and you feel fucking awesome.
Here.
No.
I gonna help you.
Barry. I am your partner.
We can do this.
Clean and sober.
Come on.
Fuck off! Hey. I was gonna
share this with you.
Now you're bumming me out.
Give me the straw.
Give it to me! Hey. that's my-
I- I snuck this in up my ass. okay?
Give it to me!
No. You can't!
She was fucking forcing
me to snort coke!
Uh. you got to help me.
It's bullshit.
I spent 25 years with a
woman who didn't put out.
- I deserve some.
- It's been one day.
- And a half.
- Right.
I don't know what to do.
I mean. it's been forever
since I had to court a chick.
And let's face it-
getting laid in the '70s was easy.
I drove a Camaro.
Oh. man. I wish
I grew up then.
I got totally shafted-
fucking AIDS.
Ruined everyone's fun.
I thought you got
laid all the time.
Yeah. but I had to use condoms.
Andy. I smuggled her here.
I think that merits some
cockamole on her faceadilla.
Possibly.
But what do you
really know about her?
Not much.
Maybe I should buy her
some scented body wash.
Look. she's probably scared.
I mean. she's totally
out of her element.
Make her feel comfortable.
- How do I do that?
- You talk to her.
Okay. All right.
Talk to her. About what?
About anything.
On the way over here.
we had great talks.
She grew up in an orphanage.
Start there.
- She's an orphan?
- Yeah.
Sweet.
Daddy issues.
Age difference should work in my favor.
Morales. See him to the car.
Thank you for the
tee time at Torrey Pines.
My pleasure.
Tell our friend I look forward
to doing business.
Of course.
Finding God?
God finds me.
- You don't look well.
- No.
I'm not well.
That Ayahuasca
really fucked me up.
You. however.
look fantastic.
I have a charity function.
But my love says
we need to talk...
so charity waits.
W- what's coming
through the tunnel?
What comes through the tunnel?
I am told by the
people I work with.
the people you work with.
that boxes come
through that tunnel.
Right. Weed. heroin.
cocaine. guns.
Stop me if I make a mistake.
- Boxes.
- Girls.
- No. No girls.
- There was a girl.
Guillermo brought her in.
He said she was his cousin.
I don't get into details.
I really don't.
There are guns coming through
the tunnel into your city.
Where are they going?
They go to the people
who want them.
And you're okay with that?
It's how I build
schools. hospitals.
It's how you provide for your family.
Yeah.
She wasn't Guillermo's cousin.
Charity calls.
It's not enough-
your charity.
Go home. Nancy.
Get some sleep.
Eat with your children.
take a walk by the water.
Nothing is ever enough.
But we live...
and we try.
Got a proposition for you.
Can it wait till
after my bath?
Guess not.
The cheese shop is really taking off.
Well. people love cheese.
People love my weed.
- The proposition?
- I'm getting to it.
- Okay. get to it faster.
- Okay.
The problem is space.
I need more space.
You and me both.
Secure space where
people can't wander in.
Larger. safer. away from
where I sell. right?
- Right.
- Okay.
So. here it is.
We're partners.
You stake me.
I find a place to grow.
Been there. Done that.
Fucked it up. Twice.
We don't have to make the
same mistakes this time.
We've learned.
We've learned to
not do it anymore.
Lisa told me you
would say no.
Let me think about it.
- That's all I'm asking.
- Good. That's all I'm doing.
What was it like?
Confusing. Brisk. Messy.
I don't know.
- My mom hit me.
- You told your mom?
Have I taught you nothing?
You tell her what she wants to hear.
and then you do what you want.
- How's your mom doing in rehab?
- Fine. I guess.
I can't visit till she's detoxed.
Where did she
get the coke?
- Probably the maternity front.
- What?
- You're kidding. right?
- No.
My mom was in jail. and then suddenly
she's free and working for your mom.
Retail?
You think my mom's dealing cocaine?
I think they're both dealing.
But your mom's a control freak.
and mine's weak and addiction-prone.
Good times. huh?
How great would it be
if we were both 18?
- So. you gonna dump them?
- Why?
'Cause the slap-happy drug dealer
told me to? Screw that.
Simone. Harmony.
this is Izzy.
- Does she party?
Depends on the party.
Are you sure there is
no border patrol here?
Well. as long as you don't walk out of the
surf with 10 other wet Mexicans. you'll be fine.
So. Andy tells me you grew
up in an orphanage.
I- I prefer not to talk about it.
Oh. Then what should
we talk about?
We should. uh. talk about you.
Well. I grew up in the valley.
I married my high-school sweetheart.
and it didn't really work out.
- Divorced?
- No. Not yet.
You're married?
Just technically.
Got to sign the papers.
Well. why do you not sign them?
I'm on the run.
But it's- it's nothing.
It's just a little embezzlement.
- You steal?!
- Borrow.
I was gonna pay it back.
- When?
- Someday.
Hey. what the heck?
You wrecked our castle.
It wasn't a castle.
It was a...
lump of sand.
You're a bad man.
You're a...
bad castle builder.
Little shit.
You do not like children?
I like my four.
Well. three of them.
You have four children?
When do you see them?
When I can trust they won't tell
my cunt ex-wife where I am.
What's the matter?
Oh. I am- I am not
feeling so well.
Perhaps we should stop talking.
Okay.
I'm cool with that.
Let the silence bring us closer.
Yeah. I can dig it.
I was weak.
I was dishonest.
I- I let the plane fly me.
If it wasn't for Celia Hodes.
I'd be back in the air in 30 days.
snorting lines off the dashboard
and jamming blow up my urethra
so I could fuck Paula.
the 57-year-old flight attendant.
I want to apologize to you. Celia.
Thank you. Barry.
for your share.
Wow.
We're all like one big. wonderful.
dysfunctional family. and I love you guys.
We're all working
through it together.
I mean. I never really had a family.
I mean. I have a family.
but they're not like you guys.
Celia. can we borrow
you for just a minute?
Yeah.
Sure.
Celia. hurry back. okay?
'Cause I need you.
Everybody needs you.
We ran your insurance info a few times.
and it's not exactly accurate.
What seems to be the problem?
You don't have any.
The policy number you gave us belongs
to an individual who is deceased... and Korean.
Listen. this is going really well.
And I-I'm only on my second step.
I am so proud of me.
We're proud. too.
We have no intention of abandoning you.
Our sister facility across
town has a bed available.
and they're holding it just for you.
No. I belong here.
Barry needs me.
Don't you have a work program?
- I could do dishes. landscaping.
- I'm sorry. Celia.
What we pay our help in a year
won't cover a week here.
Discharge paperwork
is in the folder.
I'll need your signature on all pages.
and you can drop it at the
front desk on your way out.
Best of luck with your recovery.
We're going to need your room
vacant within the hour.
- Hola. Maria!
- Hola!
Doug around?
He go to buy some mouthwash. some
toilet paper. and some tweezers.
Oh. cool.
Right.
So. how's it going-
things with Doug?
Oh.
Eh. okay.
- Just okay?
- No.
- He is a terrible man.
- What? Doug? Come on.
He's a great guy.
- He is a criminal.
- He's an accountant.
A thief who has abandoned his wife and family
and wants to make me his whore.
A CPA with legal problems who's
going through a divorce
and is wildly in love with you.
He has warts
on his genitals.
Yeah. I got nothing for that.
Please. Andy. help me.
These are for you. my love.
Oh. Maria!
Look how thoughtful he is.
This is a good man.
Yeah. over there.
Bust it open.
I could use the hand lotion.
Here you go.
Something to put in.
- You say $20 each.
- I say $20 total.
Don't pull that Mexican shit with me.
Look. honey.
I got us a bed.
That's when I took that
crack pipe. broke it off.
stuck it in his neck.
Said.
"I'm not using this except
to kill you. motherfucker.
Like half a rock is worth getting fucked with
a mannequin leg. shoe still on it? Fuck that.
Anyway. that's all
I got for now.
Thanks for listening.
- Chilea?
- Celia.
Oh. ain't we fancy.
You're gonna have to take that fucking attitude
out the door right now. you hear me?
We don't play that shit in here.
I'm gonna have that
fucking combination changed.
I'm just putting
money in the safe.
Yeah. well. then do it.
Is she buying us?
More cousins?
Yeah. that's right.
Are you girls okay?
What s she saying?
Put them in the van.
Let's go.
I'm not seeing this.
You're catching on.
About fucking time.
Day's over.
Go home.
Thank you for coming.
I know you're busy.
Guillermo...
Garcia...
Gomez.